[Swift 6]: Update Expert mixolgist and its concept (#833)
exercism/swift: concepts/conditionals-switch/about.md

# About

A [switch statement][switch] allows you to compare a value against multiple possible matching values.
It allows you to write more concise code than using multiple `else-if` statements.

> Switch statement starts with the `switch` keyword followed by the value to be compared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A switch statement starts with the `switch` keyword followed by the value to be compared.
```

> Then do define the cases using the `case` keyword followed by the value to be compared against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can define the cases using the `case` keyword followed by the value to be compared against.
```

The `default` keyword is used to define the default case when none of the cases match.

> Like `else-if` statements, `switch` statements can execute the first matching case and then exit the switch statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like `else-if` statements, `switch` statements only execute the block of code associated with the first matching case.
```

}
```

> Could instead be written as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This could instead be written as:
```

}
```

## Binding and where statements

The values being matched in `switch` statements can also be bound to names which can be used in the body of the case.

> They can also be used in `where` clauses, which are additional boolean expressions that must evaluate as `true` for the case to match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can also be used in `where` clauses, which are additional Boolean expressions that must evaluate as `true` for the case to match.
```
